what's up guys n for forward progress
Madden this video we're going to take a
quick look at pressure defense in the
madden 13 demo using both the san
francisco 49ers in the new york giants
first and foremost with the the
development that linebackers are not
able to be stacked this year i find that
it's best if we start using crossfire
blitzes now i know that these strategies
were not really popular in previous
Madden's but you'll find that this year
if you work the crossfire blitzes out of
the 34 formations particularly this one
in the 34 / believe is called crossfire
chuck if you notice that you stunt the
line or shift the linebackers to either
side and just mess with the stunts that
you get a variety of crazy pressures out
of these three four formations
particularly from the middle linebackers
that are doing the crossfire but it's
really not just a 34 type of thing you
can achieve some crossfire type action
out of four three sets as well though
most teams that you think of our three
four teams that have had success with it
and passed however here is the new york
giants using the 43 under i believe the
play is called mike will cross three
just simply shifting them stunning the
line differently you can use a different
combination the line reacts differently
to any variety of substances you can see
here the zone blitz confuses and allows
the middle pressure and then on another
down you'll allow a defensive end loop
all the way around because they're
pinched to the inside and then here's my
personal favorite as the zone blitz
really occupies the interior lineman
allows two almost three free rushers so
this is what we've been asking for all
these these guys that have been asking
for more realistic gameplay just because
we cannot stack the linebackers does not
mean you cannot achieve great defense so
check it out guys thanks